# project_web_services
Java services project by Maxim Muzafarov from the IT1-2018 group. The purpose of my project is that a user can register for a tournament on a topic of my choice (basketball), and for specially added users, I added a page for entering private basketball video lessons and an information page with instructions.
  The index.jsp contains the visual part of the registration form, where the user enters his login, password, email and phone number, the java code responsible for the registration implementation is in "Register.java", the mysql database connection is in file "RegisterDao.java" . By clicking the register button, upon successful attempt, the user is displayed on the screen "Project Registered". When a user registers for a tournament, his data enters the mysql database in the "members" table, where we can already delete or change his data.
  The login.jsp also contained a visual part where a special user can log in with a login and password. The Java code that implements the login is contained in "Login.java" if the user entered the correct login and password, he is redirected to the page "welcome.jsp" where he can watch any video lesson which contains in file videos.jsp on the topic of basketball. A special login and password is contained in a separate mysql database "navin" where accounts are registered for which you can access videos. For example: i added username: navin and password: 9876. To additional i added a button to exit, its java code is contained in the file "Logout.java" and the visual part is in "Welcome.jsp" when the user clicks on this button, he goes back to the page "login.jsp"
  Finally I added a page for "How to get a private account" the visual part is in "about.jsp". The user can read and send an email request for a special account to watch video lessons, this completes the functions of my project, thanks for your attention!
